UNISEAR

Unisear is a simplistic website designed for user efficiency. Unisear saves time for users looking for Canadian university information by compiling all the information they need into one place. All you have to do is select a univerity from the dropdown box and then enter your inquiry into the search box. Your search will display as a bubble in the chat box and will be followed by the summarized information for your request. With no extra work from the user, you can continue to ask questions about the university and more information will be provided in a chat-like scrollable sequence. Want to look at information from another university? Just click the logo at the top left of the page to return to the home screen and select a new university. Your chat logs will be reset, ready for new inquiries for the new university. Search away to your heart's content, saving you the time from having to navigate endless, confusing university website pages. Easy, accessible, simplified university information, so you can make your list of worries one item shorter.

Unisear, short for University Search, was made by Shayan Dhillon, Iverson Jiang, Ashley Victoria Buendia, and Jibin Im for the 2025 HackCanada hackathon. Understand universities, from what it takes to get in to what course you need to get out, has always been more complicated than it needed to be. With Unisear, we assist not only Canadian students, but anyone, anywhere, who wants to know more about their options for post-secondary in Canada. 
